Your primary goal is to produce a real Research Report in common, simplified Polish, so that the content can be easily understood by people with cognitive disabilities. 

8. YOUR ANALYTICAL GOAL: In common Polish, simplified to the level of cognitively impaired individuals, generate an extensive preliminary analysis of the assumptions for the OpenAI o3-pro project. To do this, perform the following steps: - The file available to you titled: "Report on the AI ​​model o3-pro.pdf" should be falsified in its entirety, taking into account the project's feasibility study.

- The file available to you titled: "Report on the AI ​​model o3-pro.pdf" should be focused on page 10, the entire content of the section titled: "7.2. Lack of Internet Access in the Batch API" and consider the following for the citation: "Mitigation: If the analysis requires knowledge of law from "yesterday," the content of new laws must be pasted into the User Prompt as reference material." Whether the necessary cloud architecture (Google Cloud Run & Firestore) can be used to complete the User Prompt in JSON format to supplement the content of new laws relevant to the subject of the analysis by using an optimal intermediary that downloads relevant content from the internet (e.g., in the free limits options https://app.txyz.ai or https://www.perplexity.ai), especially since txyz.ai has a solution quote: Chrome extension. Instantly read and analyze papers with TXYZ AI agents. No more copying links or downloading PDFs. More in the link https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/txyz-instant-paper-insigh/okicepeaedhinbapnlhoaelnedgbkflp?pli=1 (TXYZ Instant Paper Insights: Get Paper Summary in One Click. The TXYZ Chrome Extension simplifies your academic research process. Read and analyze PDF papers directly from any website you're browsing with the help of TXYZ AI tools. Save time by eliminating the need to download PDFs or copy links to other platforms. With a single click, you can access clear paper summaries within your browser.).

- The file available to you is titled: "Report on the AI ​​model o3-pro.pdf", focus on page 10, the entire content of the section titled: "7.1. Risk of Legal Hallucinations", analyze whether I should simultaneously implement a semi-automatic solution as cheaply as possible with a manual final verification of the decision-making process and the adequacy of the content to the indicated sources to which the AI ​​refers in this content. Verify whether the free OpenAI set is optimal for this for a dozen or so documents per month in the form of a tandem, I don't know why it is suggested, i.e. gpt-oss-120b with gpt-oss-120b-safeguard (a model with security) and They offer advanced inference capabilities, comparable to paid models such as o4-mini (I guess it's specifically about gpt-oss-120b), while tuning gpt-oss-120b-safeguard is supposed to counteract hallucinations along with the free Pathway RAG (https://pathway.com/developers/templates/rag/demo-question-answering/, https://pathway.com/developers/templates?tab=ai-pipelines, https://pathway.com/developers/templates?tab=live-data-framework) for a small volume of analyses per month. I am particularly interested in my A person for precedent-setting processes and innovative methods of treating so-called real-time fuzzy joins (Fuzzy Join), especially since Pathway is already implementing GPT40 in a template called Multimodal RAG pipeline with GPT4o (https://pathway.com/developers/templates/rag/template-multimodal-rag), which can be embedded on free Oracle Free Trier servers. An open question is how to embed the AI ​​gpt-oss-120b with gpt-oss-120b-safeguard as cheaply as possible, optimally close to zero cost. Therefore, check (e.g., NVIDIA, GOOGLE, Hugging Face, etc., etc.) whether they generally offer both gpt-oss-120b models, or whether you can upload models from the gpt-oss-120b series. Focus on the lowest possible price, and consider that they will be used only a dozen or so hours a month. I presume that tuning gpt-oss-120b, especially gpt-oss-120b-safeguard, is tedious, difficult and time-consuming work, so can a platform called Canva be used to illustrate the decision-making path of the AI ​​from the gpt-oss-120b series, which would, for example, illustrate the process of reasoning for justification to a lawyer in precedent proceedings?

